README.md, before:

# sysinfo_rs

A library for retrieving system information.

## Usage

```rust
use sysinfo_rs::get_machine_info;

fn main() -> anyhow::Result<()> {
    let machine_info = get_machine_info()?;
    println!("{:?}", machine_info);
    Ok(())
}
```

## Structure

### Hardware Information
- `hardware`: Contains information about the hardware.
  - `cpu_is_virtual`: Analyzes the results of cpuid command execution to determine if the system is running in a virtual machine (key field).
  - `disk_serial_number`: The serial number of the hard disk.
  - `mac_addresses`: A list of MAC addresses for all network interfaces in the system.
  - `bios_info`: Contains BIOS information, including manufacturer, version, release date, and whether it's a virtual machine.
  - `system_info`: System manufacturer, product name, serial number, and UUID.
  - `enclosure_info`: Chassis information, including manufacturer, type, version, serial number, and asset tag number.

### Software Information
- `software`: Contains information about the software.
  - `os_release`: Operating system version information.
  - `uname`: System uname information, including machine, nodename, release, sysname, and version fields.

Commit message:

docs: add libudev-devel installation instructions to README.md

README.md, after:

# sysinfo_rs

A library for retrieving system information.

## Usage

```rust
use sysinfo_rs::get_machine_info;

fn main() -> anyhow::Result<()> {
    let machine_info = get_machine_info()?;
    println!("{:?}", machine_info);
    Ok(())
}
```

## Prerequisites

Before using this library, ensure that you have `libudev-devel` installed on your system. This is required for the `libudev-sys` crate, which is a dependency of `sysinfo_rs`.

You can install `libudev-devel` using your package manager. For example:

- On Debian-based systems (like Ubuntu):
  ```bash
  sudo apt-get install libudev-dev
  ```

- On Red Hat-based systems (like CentOS or Fedora):
  ```bash
  sudo yum install libudev-devel
  ```

## Structure

### Hardware Information
- `hardware`: Contains information about the hardware.
  - `cpu_is_virtual`: Analyzes the results of the `cpuid` command execution to determine if the system is running in a virtual machine (key field).
  - `disk_serial_number`: The serial number of the hard disk.
  - `mac_addresses`: A list of MAC addresses for all network interfaces in the system.
  - `bios_info`: Contains BIOS information, including manufacturer, version, release date, and whether it's a virtual machine.
  - `system_info`: System manufacturer, product name, serial number, and UUID.
  - `enclosure_info`: Chassis information, including manufacturer, type, version, serial number, and asset tag number.

### Software Information
- `software`: Contains information about the software.
  - `os_release`: Operating system version information.
  - `uname`: System `uname` information, including machine, nodename, release, sysname, and version fields.
